Add documentation for the string builder processor (#5668)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/processing/processors.md

| `replaceMissing` | Boolean | no       | If `true`, it replaces all missing attributes of `expression` by 0, `false` skip the operation if an attribute is missing. Default: `false`. |

[1]: /api/?lang=bash#logs-pipelines
{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

> ## String Builder processor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## String builder processor
```

> Use the String Builder Processor to add a new attribute (without spaces or special characters in the new attribute name) to a log with the result of the provided template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the string builder processor to add a new attribute (without spaces or special characters) to a log with the result of the provided template.
```
I'm not sure what is meant by `provided template`.

> This enables you to aggregate different attributes or raw string into a single attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This enables aggregation of different attributes or raw strings into a single attribute.
```

> The tempalte is defined by both raw text and blocks with syntax %{attribute_path}.

Reviewer 2: template* spelling mistake

> The tempalte is defined by both raw text and blocks with syntax %{attribute_path}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The template is defined by both raw text and blocks with the syntax: `%{attribute_path}`.
```

**Notes**:

> * The processor only accept attributes with values or array of values in the blocks (see examples in the UI section).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The processor only accept attributes with values or an array of values in the blocks (see examples in the [UI section](?tab=ui#string-builder-processor)).
```

> * If an attribute cannot be used (object or array of object) it is either replaced by an empty string or the entire operation is skipped depending on the checkbox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If an attribute cannot be used (object or array of object), it is replaced by an empty string or the entire operation is skipped depending on your selection.
```

* If the target attribute already exists, it is overwritten by the result of the template.
* Results of the template cannot exceed 256 characters.

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "UI" %}}

> Define the String Builder Processor in the [Datadog Log configuration page][1]:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Define the string builder processor on the [Datadog log configuration page][1]:
```

{{< img src="logs/processing/processors/stringbuilder_processor.png" alt="String Builder Processor" responsive="true" style="width:80%;">}}

**Example**

With the following log:

```
{
	"http": {
		"method": "GET",
		"status_code": 200,
		"url": "https://app.datadoghq.com/users"
	},
	"array_ids": [123, 456, 789],
	"array_users": [
    {
			"first_name": "John",
			"last_name": "Doe"
		},
		{
			"first_name": "Jack",
			"last_name": "London"
		}
	]
}
```

> With this log, we can use the following template `Request %{http.method} %{http.url} was answered with response %{http.status_code}` which returns the following result:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the template: `Request %{http.method} %{http.url} was answered with response %{http.status_code}`, which returns the result:
```

```
Request GET https://app.datadoghq.com/users was answered with response 200
```

**Objects** 

> In this log `http` is an object and cannot be used in a block (i.e `%{http}` would fail) whereas `%{http.method}` or `%{http.status_code}` or `%{http.url}` would return the corresponding value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example log `http` is an object and cannot be used in a block (`%{http}` fails), whereas `%{http.method}`, `%{http.status_code}`, or `%{http.url}` returns the corresponding value.
```

**Arrays**

> The blocks can also be used on arrays of values or on a specific attribute within an array. In our example, adding a block on `%{array_ids}` would return :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Blocks can be used on arrays of values or on a specific attribute within an array. For the example log, adding the block `%{array_ids}` returns:
```

```
123,456,789
```

> Whereas `%{array_users}` would not return anything as it is not a list of values but a list of object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whereas `%{array_users}` does not return anything because it is a list of objects.
```

> However `%{arrays_user.first_name}` returns the list of `first_name` contained in the array:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, `%{arrays_user.first_name}` returns a list of `first_name` contained in the array:
```

```
John,Jack
```

[1]: https://app.datadoghq.com/logs/pipelines
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "API" %}}

> Use the [Datadog Log Pipeline API endpoint][1] with the following String Builder processor JSON payload:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the [Datadog Log Pipeline API endpoint][1] with the following string builder processor JSON payload:
```

```json
{
    "type": "string-builder-processor",
    "name": "<PROCESSOR_NAME>",
    "enabled": true,
    "template": "<STRING_BUILDER_TEMPLATE>",
    "target": "<TARGET_ATTRIBUTE>",
    "replaceMissing": true
}
```

| Parameter        | Type    | Required | Description                                                                                                                                 |
| ------           | -----   | -------- | -----                                                                                                                                       |

> | `type`           | String  | yes      | Type of the processor.                                                                                                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `type`           | String  | Yes      | Type of the processor.                                                                                                                       |
```

> | `name`           | String  | no       | Name of the processor.                                                                                                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `name`           | String  | No       | Name of the processor.                                                                                                                       |
```

> | `enabled`        | Boolean | no       | If the processors is enabled or not, default: `false`.                                                                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `enabled`        | Boolean | No       | If the processor is enabled or not, defaults to `false`.                                                                                       |
```

> | `template`       | String  | yes      | Formula with one or more attributes and raw text.                                                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `template`       | String  | Yes      | A formula with one or more attributes and raw text.                                                                                           |
```

> | `target`         | String  | yes      | Name of the attribute that contains the result of the template.                                                                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `target`         | String  | Yes      | The name of the attribute that contains the result of the template.                                                                             |
```

> | `replaceMissing` | Boolean | no       | If `true`, it replaces all missing attributes of `template` by an empty string, `false` skip the operation if an attribute is missing. Default: `false`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `replaceMissing` | Boolean | No       | If `true`, it replaces all missing attributes of `template` by an empty string. If `false` (default), skips the operation for missing attributes. |
```
